[Music]
what's with that kid you just showed up
out of nowhere
where's your parents my kid come on do
you live with me I'm the new doctor for
the plantation if any of you are sick or
get hurt just see Joe he'll come get
[Music]
you know enjoy you seemed pretty smitten
with the big man's pretty daughter
[Music]
meet your help I got another one like
this
[Music]
[Applause]
miss Grace has her triangle its grace
let's just show them that you're a
qualified assistant
without your wrist I'm gonna check your
pulse faster than normal it's all the
way okay
they're bringing in enough doctor this
is dr. Reyes he's here to offer us
second opinion don't you a true beauty
morning mr. Davis talk ask me to mind
off that web be necessary this place is
now under the care of a proper decision
when the doc may take care of Orientals
never labels do you have a crush on the
Danielson's daughter
[Music]
[Applause]
I have been trying to adopt this kid I
believe this young man has Vegas a
position perhaps you'd like to be on a
winning team the distinguished doctor
has taken that interesting new idea a
miracle
your only daughter I wouldn't give up in
that to be with grace
[Music]
it's kind of EoE we can shorten the
distance between the mound and the ocean
stay like this
[Music]
you